What's the rush? That's the top killer for many days.
Do you know how many numbers you have pressed to identify a family?
If it is true as Mr. Zero Hour said,
Lingfeng has no identity background.
Killing him is not a matter of hand.
Once you understand, you become so confident.
There is red snow.
Why aren't you dead yet?
In Haizhou, the land is strong and small, and it hurts me.
What a big joke. Red snow. Red snow.
I really wish it. I got a mobilizer.
Who told you to talk about war?
That killer was all searched yesterday.
You're not careful yet
Until now
Zhou family English you
All the people who accompanied me have told me everything.
What are you doing to gain face?
He's just a pet character worth fifteen cents
He deceived you and some kind of monster
He is where he is today
If you are wearing it and living in it
It’s true that you know the camera itself
I'm not the only one who wants to be a face-sitter. I know a face-sitter.
Creating a face room is quite a challenge
But he was drunk and hiding from the sky
You mean that overseas organization that stinks at Zhouzhou?